docs: Update links to reflect core cardano code migration to intersect (#119)
input-output-hk/sanchonet: docs/tutorials/start-a-node.mdx

### Download or build cardano-node and cardano-cli binaries:

> * The latest version for SanchoNet is **8.3.0-pre**. [See releases](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-node/releases)

Reviewer: This should be 8.7.2

Author: done!

> * The latest version for SanchoNet is **8.3.0-pre**. [See releases](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-node/releases)

Author: ```suggestion
* The latest version for SanchoNet is **8.7.2**. [See releases](https://github.com/IntersectMBO/cardano-node/releases)
```

> * The latest version for SanchoNet is **8.3.0-pre**. [See releases](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-node/releases).

Reviewer: 8.7.3 here

> * The latest version for SanchoNet is **8.3.0-pre**. [See releases](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-node/releases).

Author: ```suggestion
* The latest version for SanchoNet is **8.7.3**. [See releases](https://github.com/input-output-hk/cardano-node/releases).
```
